JAXA Terms of Use of Research Data — as they govern ALOS World 3D-30m (AW3D30)

AW3D30's own dataset page, section 5 'Terms of Use', states in full only that the dataset
'is available to use with no charge under the "Terms for Use"' and links here. There are no
dataset-specific terms; this general instrument is what governs.

Reproduced verbatim from https://earth.jaxa.jp/en/data/policy/ .

------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.1. Credit
When using the Research Data, the user is required to indicate its sources (JAXA and the
research name) so that JAXA can be acknowledged as the original distributor of the
Research Data. The user also needs to credit JAXA as the original distributor when
distributing any derivatives of the Research Data to any third party or making such
derivatives public. As for the Research Data containing data provided by organizations
other than JAXA, the user is requested to acknowledge not only JAXA but also such
organizations.
The examples of acknowledgments and credit lines:
(Put an appropriate research name for XXXX such as AW3D or GSMaP.)
“The data used for this paper have been provided by XXXX of the Japan Aerospace
Exploration Agency.”
“The original data used for this product have been supplied by JAXA’s XXXX.”
“Credit: XXXX (JAXA)”
“Provided by XXXX (Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency)”
If the Research Data are provided by not only JAXA but also other organizations, the
user should indicate as follows (examples in the case of NASA):
“The data used for this paper have been provided through XXXX of the Japan Aerospace
Exploration Agency and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.”
“Credit: XXXX (JAXA/NASA)”
2.2. Publicizes a product using the Research Data
When the user publicizes a product using the Research Data such as research papers, it
would be appreciated if the user could, where possible, notify JAXA at the contact
address on the website or the email below.
2.3. Commercial purposes use
The user can use the Research Data for commercial purposes without a fee; however, the
user needs to notify JAXA thereof in advance.
2.4. GDPR
JAXA handles the personal information such as names and e-mail addresses in accordance
with the Code and other laws and regulations regarding personal information including
GDPR and JAXA’s rules on protection of personal information. For details, refer to”
Consent for handling personal information based on GDPR
“.
2.5. Change of the terms
The terms are subject to change without notice.
3. Ownership of Data
The copyrights of the products provided in the Service are the property of JAXA.
4. Inquiries
For any inquiries about the terms, notification of the commercial use of the Research
Data etc., please contact us at:
earth*ml.jaxa.jp
(Please replace “*” with “@”)
Data usage policy team, Space Technology Directorate I, JAXA
Menu
